feat: Add ability to specify the encryption key to use in 'generate' … (#24)
genecommerce/module-encryption-key-manager: README.md

2. **Review functions** using `->hash(` from the encryptor class. Changing the keys will result in a different hash.
3. If you have **custom logic** to handle that, it will be something you need to work that out manually.
3. **Generate a new key** `php bin/magento gene:encryption-key-manager:generate`

>    1. You can specify the new crypt key to use with 'php bin/magento gene:encryption-key-manager:generate --key=MY_32_CHAR_CRYPT_KEY'

Reviewer: If we can backtick the commands so the readme.md looks like code for commands 👍 
```suggestion
   1. You can specify the new crypt key to use with `php bin/magento gene:encryption-key-manager:generate --key=MY_32_CHAR_CRYPT_KEY`
```
